I was a junior officer how I lead by example was multiple ways for possibly
getting out standing watches we have a wall on the way watches
six eight hours at a shot it's going down and tracing the system understanding
what the men and women are doing on the watch in the engineer
holes and I would walk with that lot of five I would just fall
thanks see what the mission was what is the messenger of the watch
you that goal a call to all one should go down to ask you should hear
dole Swofford off it was someone else a couple wash walls maybe build
stand along the instead of the death see a lot of times to just
go back to your state or a call the night before you can take one more
hour without the the more attacks yeah as department head on over
this is so for example of division officers but as the former head
as chief engineer I was able once on the walk down live now that you
know one of my many officers have been working on trying to solve the
recall problem for about three hours he was down there all and want
to solve this so we spent another two hours with so that meant he
was there for five hours total while I was at the two hours the fireworks
are very finally got it right got it figured out all we got that
all the cells and pulling out of the expected files before that
was supposed to deliver as a matter of getting the the right gaskets
no right to voice all AT mad four one of the matter is that was on
coming watch comes down points out if you've been in here I just spent
two hours in for a day you know you is as she was white the fact
that I have done a very much a part of the five I was very upset that
the chief engineer with water around the space is a high school for
two of the middle of that the man in the division a lot of the chief
engineer took out the log were little better elsewhere but I took
time out about see what your engineers to see with the post mates with
them take time to walk around measured by walking around and be
WA that will get you a lot of traction with your division